feat: add elb logtank (#2520)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/elb_logtank.md

---
subcategory: "Dedicated Load Balance (Dedicated ELB)"
---

# huaweicloud_elb_logtank

Manage an ELB logtank resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "loadbalancer_id" {}
variable "group_id" {}
variable "topic_id" {}
resource "huaweicloud_elb_logtank" "test" {
  loadbalancer_id = var.loadbalancer_id
  log_group_id    = var.group_id
  log_topic_id    = var.topic_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) The region in which to create the logtank resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used. Changing this creates a new logtank.

> * `loadbalancer_id` - (Required, String) Specifies the ID of a loadbalancer. It can not be changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `loadbalancer_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of a loadbalancer. Changing this creates a new logtank.
```

Author: done

---
subcategory: "Dedicated Load Balance (Dedicated ELB)"
---

# huaweicloud_elb_logtank

Manage an ELB logtank resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "loadbalancer_id" {}
variable "group_id" {}
variable "topic_id" {}

> resource "huaweicloud_elb_logtank" "test" {

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
variable "topic_id" {}

resource "huaweicloud_elb_logtank" "test" {
```

please add a new line

Author: done
